Updated information about Reddit Community Points (#7469)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/social-networks/index.md

### Reddit {#reddit}

> Reddit has [touted Community Points](https://cointelegraph.com/news/reddit-to-reportedly-tokenize-karma-points-and-onboard-500m-new-users), which are [ERC-20 tokens](/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/) that users can earn by posting quality content and contributing to online communites (subreddits). You can redeem these tokens to [gain exclusive privileges and perks](https://www.reddit.com/community-points/) within a subreddit. For this project, Reddit is working with Arbitrum, a [layer 2](/layer-2/) rollup designed to scale Ethereum transactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reddit has [touted Community Points](https://cointelegraph.com/news/reddit-to-reportedly-tokenize-karma-points-and-onboard-500m-new-users), which are [ERC-20 tokens](/developers/docs/standards/tokens/erc-20/) that users can earn by posting quality content and contributing to online communities (subreddits). You can redeem these tokens within a subreddit to [get exclusive privileges and perks](https://www.reddit.com/community-points/). For this project, Reddit is working with Arbitrum, a [layer 2](/layer-2/) rollup designed to scale Ethereum transactions.
```
